Bush's words today I come show
This fellow that I always made marks
the balances I am very happy not
for the things that I bought that I
I bought
I really liked it but I expected it.
much more of primark 's keys is that
there are very few things
production has very few things to
prohibition and because things are not
so all together because they did
thing that while period while
the store is very good for us while south
Customer sucks because we
always mark and we will not play for
salt choice we always face
back today the publisher and as well one and
all things jump in because
is a minority that is in even leaps
you there comes a banquinha health because
after giving a cart in another
have camera literally looking for
hector shout by the way does not find a
Primark's mall is really too small
thing I think it was kan stirring
want what is worth more already the side
which were already the games to three euros and
coast 30 years we participate Brazil
there were also bra 13 europe things
so the genius but how I had
bought this stuff is still very little
time I did not spend my money on these
there are many other things
things with very few things even
some I bought was not even the
things that maybe missing because they really
I do not even given the pleased to chelsea
first one is quite widespread but
ready now then comes the outburst of
Noah
so I'm going to show that the
created with the beach I bought this little thing
that for those who do not know what I can
be here as we do not
explain how it is used is
of those donuts to do what ?
here yes and silvana clubs this way is high
but I like it so it does not have the
but I like mom
prices but reminds us that there have
reels say that shopping and
buyer would be europe there was nothing
bijouterie is the clothes I was going to buy
things so I was not lucky that I
bought was stel plays head when
I 'm going to put pressure on you for who does not
knows but then applied a tapir and
already been on the outside and inside and this
warms with the warmth of your body and is
most expensive is a better effect enters
our way after the personal contracts
then clothes what I bought was
just two blouses of topics like me
I bought this one here she the psol
it is transparent and here are the
details on the dollar exchange rate and it cost
for I can
she posted five hours was 13 euros
Then I also bought zips stops here and
today it is already more linen cover and so is
so transparent see if I can
to use I was so transparent and then
here are these thassius excesses
golden and silvery black bronze that the
chai world a kind cell behind you want
so with a little button and the tank is
Opening zinha then bought this
old lady
she posted only I have here the the
euro after taking out it smells really bad
Very well, she's got an hour's worth of
fig her scent and smell but several
no doubt when I come back to first
I'm going to buy more or more
disciplines or the like but can
yes one of the biggest reveals so bigger
that I do not know prices but for sure
which is worth it because it smells even
very well and leave a little smell here in the
room after she has been for some time
that I wanted to buy nothing once
says hakim and did not buy stayed in
doubt when I will try to buy it already
there was bought and this pad
super cute collection she has the
clean super soft and fluffy and she liked it 4
also a
the promotion was thus to say the price of
tuca and the study euros and the shirts
t much I bought the
promotion of the rest is new was the promotion
tract and delivered to these tires
primark were these my shows and even
now I hope you have enjoyed the
video is people and I see in brazil such